---
layout: post
title: 2008 BMW 125i
date: 2024-03-28 19:22 -0400
categories: ["BMW", "125i"]
tags: ["BMW", "125i", "2008"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2008 BMW 125i is a compact and agile coupe that offers a sporty driving experience. It is equipped with a 3.0-liter inline-6 engine that produces 215 horsepower and 184 lb-ft of torque. The engine is paired with a 6-speed manual transmission or an optional 6-speed automatic transmission. The 125i is known for its sharp handling, responsive steering, and comfortable interior. However, it has also been reported to have some common issues.

## **Engine**

### **3.0L Inline-6 Engine**

**Valve Cover Gasket Leak**
* Description/Symptoms: Oil leaking from the valve cover gasket onto the engine block.
* Solution: Replace the valve cover gasket.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500+
* Recalls: None Found

**Intake Manifold Failure**
* Description/Symptoms: Intake manifold cracks or fails, causing a loss of power and engine misfires.
* Solution: Replace the intake manifold.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $1,500+
* Recalls: None Found

## **Transmission**

### **6-Speed Manual Transmission**
* No Issues Found

### **6-Speed Automatic Transmission**
* No Issues Found

## **Suspension**

* No Issues Found

## **Electrical**

* No Issues Found

## **Exterior**
* No Issues Found

## **Interior**

* No Issues Found

## **Summary**

Overall, the 2008 BMW 125i is a reliable vehicle with few reported issues. However, the engine can experience oil leaks and intake manifold failures, which can be costly to repair. Overall, the severity and cost of the potential issues should be considered when purchasing a used 125i.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
