---
layout: post
title: 2012 BMW 640i
date: 2024-03-28 19:22 -0400
categories: ["BMW", "640i"]
tags: ["BMW", "640i", "2012"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2012 BMW 640i is a luxury sports coupe that boasts an impressive twin-turbocharged 3.0L inline-6 engine and an 8-speed automatic transmission. It delivers 315 horsepower and 330 lb-ft of torque. Owners praise its agile handling, comfortable interior, and powerful engine, but some have encountered issues that can be costly to repair.

**Engine**

**3.0L Twin-Turbo Inline-6**

* **Valve Stem Seal Failure:** Harmed valve stem seals cause excessive oil consumption, leading to smoking from the exhaust and reduced engine performance. Replacing the valve stem seals typically costs **$2,000 - $3,000+**.
* **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:** An inadequate timing chain tensioner can result in a rattling sound from the engine at startup or acceleration. The timing chain tensioner replacement costs around **$1,500 - $2,500**.
* **Carbon Buildup on Intake Valves:** Direct injection engines can experience carbon buildup on the intake valves, causing reduced engine performance and rough idling. Cleaning the intake valves can cost between **$300 - $600**.

**Transmission**

**8-Speed Automatic**

* **Hydraulic Unit Failure:** The hydraulic unit, responsible for controlling gear shifts, may fail, resulting in erratic shifting or transmission failure. Replacing the hydraulic unit costs approximately **$2,500 - $4,000**.
* **Transmission Control Module (TCM) Issues:** Malfunctions in the TCM can cause transmission problems, including delayed shifting, slipping, or hard shifting. TCM replacement costs range from **$1,000 - $2,000**.


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Strut Mount Failure:** Worn strut mounts can cause excessive noise and vibration when driving over uneven surfaces. Replacing the strut mounts costs **$500 - $800** per side.
* **Rear Subframe Bushing Failure:** Worn rear subframe bushings can lead to a knocking sound from the rear of the vehicle. The cost to replace the bushings is around **$800 - $1,200**.

**Electrical**

* **Battery Discharge:** Faulty electrical components can drain the battery, causing the vehicle to fail to start. Diagnosing and resolving electrical issues can be time-consuming and costly, ranging from **$100 - $1,000+**.
* **Light Control Module Failure:** Malfunctions in the light control module can cause electrical issues with various lighting systems, including headlights, taillights, and turn signals. Replacement costs **$500 - $1,000**.


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

* **Window Regulator Failure:** Window regulators can fail, causing the windows to become stuck or operate erratically. Replacing a window regulator costs **$400 - $800** per window.
* **Headlight Condensation:** Condensation can form inside the headlights, affecting visibility and potentially damaging the electrical components. The estimated cost to fix this issue is **$200 - $500**.

**Interior**

* **Rearview Camera Failure:** The rearview camera may malfunction, resulting in a blank screen or poor image quality. The cost to replace the rearview camera is around **$600 - $1,000**.
* **Navigation System Issues:** Malfunctions in the navigation system can cause freezing, incorrect directions, or a lack of response. Updating or replacing the navigation system costs **$400 - $1,200**.

**Summary**

The 2012 BMW 640i offers impressive performance and luxury, but it is not immune to potential issues. Some of the issues, such as engine failures and transmission problems, can be costly to repair. However, not all owners experience these issues, and many are satisfied with the vehicle's overall performance and reliability.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
