---
layout: post
title: 2009 Pontiac Matiz
date: 2024-03-30 16:04 -0400
categories: ["Pontiac", "Matiz"]
tags: ["Pontiac", "Matiz", "2009"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2009 Pontiac Matiz was a subcompact hatchback known for its affordability and fuel efficiency. It was offered with a single 1.0-liter four-cylinder engine and a five-speed manual transmission. The Matiz received praise for its nimble handling and spacious interior, but it was criticized for its lack of power and basic features.

**Engine: 1.0-liter Four-Cylinder**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission: Five-Speed Manual**

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**No Issues Found**

**Exterior**

**Rusty Hood**
Description/Symptoms: The hood develops premature rust due to a lack of protective coating. This leads to unsightly brown spots and can eventually spread to other parts of the body.
Solution: The hood can be replaced or repaired by removing the rust and applying a new coating.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

**Faulty Window Switches**
Description/Symptoms: The window switches become unresponsive or malfunction, causing the windows to become inoperable.
Solution: The faulty switches need to be replaced.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+
Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

Overall, the 2009 Pontiac Matiz has a relatively low number of reported issues. The most common problem is the rusty hood, which is a cosmetic issue that can be addressed without significant cost. While the Matiz may not be known for its reliability or performance, it remains a budget-friendly and practical option for drivers who prioritize affordability and fuel economy.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
