---
layout: post
title: 2022 Mercedes-Benz A250
date: 2024-03-30 05:05 -0400
categories: ["Mercedes-Benz", "A250"]
tags: ["Mercedes-Benz", "A250", "2022"]
---
**Introduction**
The 2022 Mercedes-Benz A250 is a compact luxury sedan powered by a 2.0L turbocharged inline-4 engine producing 221 horsepower and 258 lb-ft of torque. It comes standard with a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission. The A250 is praised for its stylish design, comfortable interior, and impressive tech features. However, it has been criticized for its firm ride and limited cargo space.

**Engine**
*2.0L Turbocharged Inline-4*

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**
*7-Speed Dual-Clutch*

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**Faulty Headlight Module**
Description/Symptoms: Headlights flicker or fail to illuminate.
Solution: Replace headlight module.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $1000 - $1500+
Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number: 22V432000

**Exterior**

**Loose Door Handles**
Description/Symptoms: Exterior door handles become loose and may fall off.
Solution: Replace door handles.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+
Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number: 22V433000

**Interior**

**Squeaky Sunroof**
Description/Symptoms: Sunroof makes a squeaking noise when opening or closing.
Solution: Lubricate sunroof mechanism.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+
Recalls: None Found

**Summary**
Overall, the 2022 Mercedes-Benz A250 has a relatively low number of reported issues. The most common problems are electrical and exterior-related, and most are not considered severe or expensive to fix. However, it is important to note that even a small number of issues can be frustrating for owners, and it is recommended to do thorough research before making a purchase decision.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
