---
layout: post
title: 2015 Cadillac CTS
date: 2024-03-29 00:48 -0400
categories: ["Cadillac", "CTS"]
tags: ["Cadillac", "CTS", "2015"]
---
**2015 Cadillac CTS**

The 2015 Cadillac CTS is a luxury sedan that offers a range of engine and transmission options. The standard engine is a 3.6L V6 producing 321 horsepower and 275 lb-ft of torque. It is paired with an eight-speed automatic transmission. Other engine options include a 2.0L turbocharged four-cylinder producing 272 horsepower and 295 lb-ft of torque, a 3.6L twin-turbocharged V6 producing 420 horsepower and 430 lb-ft of torque, and a 6.2L supercharged V8 producing 556 horsepower and 553 lb-ft of torque. The twin-turbocharged V6 and supercharged V8 are paired with a Hydra-Matic eight-speed automatic transmission.

While the CTS has received praise for its stylish design, luxurious interior, and powerful engines, it has also been criticized for its high price and limited trunk space.

**Engine**

**3.6L V6**

* **Intake manifold gasket failure:** Oil or coolant may leak from the intake manifold gasket. This can cause engine performance problems. The solution is to replace the intake manifold gasket. Estimated cost to fix: $500 - $700+
* **Timing chain tensioner failure:** The timing chain tensioner may fail, causing the timing chain to jump and damage the engine. The solution is to replace the timing chain tensioner and timing chain. Estimated cost to fix: $1,500 - $2,000+

**2.0L Turbocharged Four-Cylinder**

* **Turbochager failure:** The turbocharger may fail, causing a loss of power. The solution is to replace the turbocharger. Estimated cost to fix: $2,000 - $2,500+

**3.6L Twin-Turbocharged V6**

* **No issues found**

**6.2L Supercharged V8**

* **Supercharger belt failure:** The supercharger belt may break, causing the supercharger to stop working and resulting in a loss of power. The solution is to replace the supercharger belt. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $300+

**Transmission**

**Eight-Speed Automatic**

* **Shifting problems:** The transmission may experience shifting problems, such as slipping or delayed shifts. The solution is to replace the transmission fluid and filter. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $300+
* **Torque converter shudder:** The torque converter may shudder during acceleration. The solution is to replace the torque converter. Estimated cost to fix: $1,000 - $1,500+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Front lower control arm bushings:** The front lower control arm bushings may wear out prematurely, causing clunking noises and poor handling. The solution is to replace the front lower control arm bushings. Estimated cost to fix: $400 - $600+

**Electrical**

* **Battery drain:** The battery may drain prematurely. This can be caused by a variety of electrical components, such as the alternator, starter, or parasitic drain. The solution is to identify and replace the faulty component. Estimated cost to fix: $ Varies depending on the component

**Exterior**

* **Headlight condensation:** The headlights may experience condensation buildup. The solution is to have the headlights resealed. Estimated cost to fix: $100 - $200+

**Interior**

* **Center console trim cracking:** The center console trim may crack over time. The solution is to replace the center console trim. Estimated cost to fix: $300 - $500+
* **Navigation system freezing:** The navigation system may freeze occasionally. The solution is to update the navigation system software. Estimated cost to fix: $100 - $300+
* **Electrical malfunctions:** Buttons in the center console (that control the heated seats, a/c, and other vehicle systems) may fail to respond to the touch. The solution is to replace the buttons in the center console. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $500+

**Summary**

While the 2015 Cadillac CTS is a stylish and luxurious sedan with powerful engines, it has a number of issues that can be costly to fix. The most severe issues include engine intake manifold gasket failure, timing chain tensioner failure, turbocharger failure, and transmission shifting problems. The cost to fix these issues can range from $500 to over $2,500.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
