---
layout: post
title: 2018 Ford Mustang
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "Mustang"]
tags: ["Ford", "Mustang", "2018"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2018 Ford Mustang is a popular muscle car. It is powered by a 5.0L V8 engine which produces 460 horsepower and 420 lb-ft. of torque. A 6-speed manual or 10-speed automatic transmission is available. The Mustang is praised for its powerful engine, stylish design, and fun-to-drive nature. However, it has received some criticism for its cramped interior and lack of some modern features.

**Engine**
**5.0L V8**
**Ph**
Description/Symptoms: Misfiring engine, loss of power, rough idling
Solution: Replace spark plugs and/or ignition coils
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
Recalls: None Found

**Fuel Injector**
Description/Symptoms: Hard starting, engine stalling, decreased fuel economy
Solution: Replace fuel injectors
Estimated Cost to Fix: $400 - $600+
Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**
**6-speed Manual**
**No Issues Found**

**10-speed Automatic**
**TCC Solenoid**
Description/Symptoms: Shuddering or slipping during gear shifts, especially in low speeds
Solution: Replace TCC solenoid
Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500+
Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**
**No Issues Found**

**Exterior**
**Windshield Washer Fluid Reservoir**
Description/Symptoms: Leaking Washer fluid, low washer fluid level
Solution: Replace reservoir
Estimated Cost to Fix: $50 - $100
Recalls: None Found

**Trunk Latch**
Description/Symptoms: Trunk won't open, trunk opens unintentionally
Solution: Replace trunk latch
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200
Recalls: None Found

**Interior**
**Sync 3 Infotainment System**
Description/Symptoms: Screen freezing, unresponsive touchscreen, Bluetooth pairing issues
Solution: Update software, replace Sync 3 module
Estimated Cost to Fix: Free - $1000+
Recalls: None Found

**Automatic Climate Control**
Description/Symptoms: AC not blowing cold air, inconsistent temperature control
Solution: Recharge AC system, Replace AC compressor
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $1000+
Recalls: None Found

**Summary**
The 2018 Ford Mustang is a popular muscle car with a powerful engine and stylish design. However, it has received some criticism for its cramped interior, lack of some modern features, and some reliability issues. The most common issues reported by owners are related to the engine, transmission, and interior. The severity of these issues can range from minor annoyances to major repairs. The cost to fix these issues can also vary significantly depending on the severity of the problem.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
