---
layout: post
title: 2008 Audi S8
date: 2024-03-28 16:55 -0400
categories: ["Audi", "S8"]
tags: ["Audi", "S8", "2008"]
---
**Introduction:** The 2008 Audi S8 is a high-performance luxury sedan known for its sophisticated blend of power, handling, and comfort. It features a 5.2-liter V10 engine producing 450 horsepower and 398 lb-ft of torque, paired with a standard 6-speed automatic transmission. The S8 received praise for its impressive performance, refined interior, and sleek styling but was also criticized for its high price, limited rear seat space, and occasional reliability issues.

**Engine**
* **5.2L V10**
    * **Carbon buildup on intake valves:** Causes reduced engine power, poor fuel economy, and rough idling. Requires professional cleaning of intake valves. Estimated Cost to Fix: $1000 - $1500+
    * **Timing chain tensioner failure:** Can lead to catastrophic engine damage. Requires replacement of timing chain and tensioners. Estimated Cost to Fix: $3000 - $5000+

**Transmission**
* **6-Speed Automatic**
    * **Shift solenoid failures:** Causes erratic shifting, delayed shifts, or transmission slipping. Requires replacement of faulty solenoid. Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+
    * **Torque converter shudder:** Felt as a vibration or shudder during acceleration or deceleration. Requires replacement of torque converter. Estimated Cost to Fix: $2000 - $3000+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
* **Air suspension compressor failure:** Causes suspension to lose pressure and sag. Requires replacement of compressor. Estimated Cost to Fix: $1500 - $2000+
* **Front control arm bushings:** Can wear out prematurely, leading to uneven tire wear and poor handling. Requires replacement of bushings. Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $700+

**Electrical**
* **Battery discharge:** Can occur due to faulty alternator, parasitic battery drain, or electrical shorts. Requires diagnostic testing and repair or replacement of faulty components. Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1200+
* **Ignition coils failure:** Causes engine misfires and reduced performance. Requires replacement of faulty coils. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**
* **Fog light condensation:** Moisture can accumulate inside the fog lights, causing poor visibility. Requires replacement of fog light assemblies. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+

**Interior**
* **Navigation system software glitches:** May cause the system to freeze, display incorrect information, or fail to navigate. Requires software updates or replacement of navigation module. Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+
* **Sunroof leaks:** Can occur due to worn-out seals or clogged drains. Requires replacement of seals or cleaning of drains. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+

**Recalls:**

* 08V394000: Engine oil leak
* 09V053000: Fuel filter failure
* 10V446000: Rear seatbelt anchor failure

**Summary:** The 2008 Audi S8 is a high-performance luxury sedan that offers a thrilling driving experience and a comfortable cabin. However, it is not without its reliability concerns, particularly with the engine and transmission. Potential issues can be costly to repair, but many common problems are covered under the vehicle's warranty. It's important for owners to be aware of these potential issues and to consider extended warranty coverage to protect against unexpected repair expenses.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
