---
layout: post
title: 2020 BMW 540i
date: 2024-03-28 19:22 -0400
categories: ["BMW", "540i"]
tags: ["BMW", "540i", "2020"]
---
**2020 BMW 540i**

The 2020 BMW 540i is a midsize luxury sedan powered by a 3.0L TwinPower Turbo inline-6 engine producing 335 horsepower and 330 lb-ft of torque paired with an 8-speed Steptronic Sport transmission. It is highly praised for its refined performance, luxurious interior, and advanced technology, but criticisms include its high price and some interior materials.

**Engine**

* **3.0L B58B30 Single Turbo Inline-6**

No Issues Found

**Transmission**

* **8-Speed Steptronic Sport Transmission**

No Issues Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

No Issues Found

**Electrical**

* **Battery**

**Battery Drain**
Description/Symptoms: Battery drains excessively when the vehicle is parked.
Solution: Replace battery.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+

**Recalls:** 003615NHTSA, 19V178000

**Exterior**

* **Headlights**

**Headlight Condensation**
Description/Symptoms: Condensation builds up inside the headlight assemblies, reducing visibility.
Solution: Replace or repair headlights.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+

**Recalls:** None Found

**Interior**

* **Dashboard**

**Dashboard Squeaks and Rattles**
Description/Symptoms: The dashboard develops annoying squeaks and rattles.
Solution: Apply a dashboard dampener kit.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+

**Recalls:** None Found

* **Infotainment System**

**Infotainment Screen Lag**
Description/Symptoms: The infotainment system experiences lag or freezing issues.
Solution: Software update or replacement.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+

**Recalls:** 19V367000, 21V230000

**Summary**

The 2020 BMW 540i is a well-rounded luxury sedan with a few minor issues. The electrical and interior problems are the most common and can be relatively expensive to fix. However, the vehicle's overall reliability and exceptional performance make it a strong contender in its class.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
