---
layout: post
title: 1997 Lexus ES300
date: 2024-03-30 01:24 -0400
categories: ["Lexus", "ES300"]
tags: ["Lexus", "ES300", "1997"]
---
**Introduction**

The 1997 Lexus ES300 is a mid-size luxury sedan known for its reliability, comfort, and refined driving experience. It came with a single engine and transmission option:

* 3.0L V6 engine (200 hp, 214 lb-ft torque) with a 4-speed automatic transmission

**Engine: 3.0L V6 with 4-speed automatic transmission**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission: 4-speed automatic**

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**Rear Trailing Arm Bushing Failure**
Description/Symptoms: Premature wear of the rear trailing arm bushings, causing noises, vibrations, and poor handling.
Solution: Replacement of the affected bushings.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500
Recalls: None Found

**Electrical**

**Battery Discharge**
Description/Symptoms: Battery drains prematurely, leaving the vehicle inoperable.
Solution: Inspection of electrical system components, replacement of faulty components as needed.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $300
Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**Climate Control Malfunction**
Description/Symptoms: Inoperative or intermittent climate control system, leading to uncomfortable cabin temperatures.
Solution: Diagnosis and repair of the climate control system, potentially involving replacement of faulty components.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $600+
Recalls: None Found

**Instrument Cluster Failure**
Description/Symptoms: Failure of the instrument cluster, resulting in inoperable gauges and warning lights.
Solution: Replacement of the instrument cluster.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500
Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 1997 Lexus ES300 has a good reputation for reliability. The few issues that have been reported are relatively minor and inexpensive to fix. Owners appreciate the vehicle's comfortable ride, spacious interior, and strong performance, while some common complaints include a firm suspension and limited cargo space.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
