---
layout: post
title: 2019 Toyota Yaris R
date: 2024-03-30 20:16 -0400
categories: ["Toyota", "Yaris R"]
tags: ["Toyota", "Yaris R", "2019"]
---
**Introduction:**
The 2019 Toyota Yaris R is a sporty hatchback powered by a 1.5L 4-cylinder engine. It is available with a 6-speed manual transmission or a continuously variable transmission (CVT). The engine produces 106 horsepower and 103 lb-ft of torque. The Yaris R is praised for its agile handling, fuel economy, and affordability. However, it has received some criticism for its lack of power and interior space.

**Engine**
* 1.5L 4-cylinder engine

**Transmission**
* 6-speed manual transmission
* Continuously variable transmission (CVT)


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
* No Issues Found

**Electrical**
* No Issues Found

**Exterior**
* No Issues Found

**Interior**
* **Faulty instrument cluster:**
    * Description/Symptoms: The instrument cluster may malfunction, causing gauges and warning lights to become inaccurate or inoperable.
    * Solution: Replace the instrument cluster.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000
    * Recalls: None Found

**Other**
* No Issues Found

**Summary:**

Overall, the 2019 Toyota Yaris R is a reliable and affordable hatchback with few reported issues. The primary concern is the faulty instrument cluster, which can be costly to repair. However, this issue is not widespread and does not significantly impact the overall quality of the vehicle. The Yaris R remains a good choice for drivers who value fuel efficiency, handling, and affordability.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
