---
layout: post
title: 2009 Audi A5 Quattro
date: 2024-03-28 16:55 -0400
categories: ["Audi", "A5 Quattro"]
tags: ["Audi", "A5 Quattro", "2009"]
---
**2009 Audi A5 Quattro**

The 2009 Audi A5 Quattro is a performance luxury coupe that delivers a thrilling driving experience. Powered by a 3.2L naturally aspirated V6 engine that produces 265 horsepower and 243 lb-ft of torque, the A5 Quattro offers a smooth and refined power delivery. The standard transmission is a 6-speed manual, with a 6-speed automatic as an option.

With its sharp handling, engaging performance, and luxurious interior, the Audi A5 Quattro appeals to driving enthusiasts who value style and sophistication. However, like all vehicles, it has its share of common issues that owners have reported.

**Engine**

* **3.2L V6 Engine**
    * **Excessive Oil Consumption:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Higher-than-normal oil consumption, visible smoke from the exhaust, low oil levels on the dipstick.
        * Solution: Piston ring replacement or engine overhaul.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $3,000 - $6,000+
        * Recalls: None Found
    * **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Rattling or whining noise from the engine, potential engine damage.
        * Solution: Tensioner replacement and timing chain adjustment.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $2,000
        * Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

* **6-Speed Manual Transmission**
    * **Difficulty Shifting Gears:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Difficulty engaging gears, grinding noises.
        * Solution: Clutch or transmission fluid replacement, transmission overhaul.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $3,000
        * Recalls: None Found
* **6-Speed Automatic Transmission**
    * **Transmission Slippage:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Inability to engage gears, loss of power while driving.
        * Solution: Transmission rebuild or replacement.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $3,000 - $6,000
        * Recalls: 09V228000, 10V236000


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Front Control Arm Bushings:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Squeaking or clunking noises from the front suspension, uneven tire wear.
    * Solution: Bushing replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000
        * Recalls: None Found

**Electrical**

* **Battery Drain:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Dead battery after short periods of time, flickering lights, electrical system malfunctions.
    * Solution: Electrical system diagnosis, battery replacement, alternator testing.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500
        * Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

* **Sunroof Drain Plugs:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Water leakage into the vehicle's interior, mold growth.
    * Solution: Cleaning or replacing drain plugs.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200
        * Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Navigation System Failure:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Navigation system freezes, black screen, incorrect map data.
    * Solution: Software update, hardware replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000
        * Recalls: None Found
* **Climate Control Issues:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Inconsistent temperature, malfunctioning AC or heater, fan noise.
    * Solution: AC compressor replacement, blower motor repair, climate control module replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $2,000
        * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

While the 2009 Audi A5 Quattro is a desirable performance coupe, it is not without potential issues. The most significant concern is the excessive oil consumption issue with the 3.2L V6 engine, which can lead to costly repairs. Other electrical, suspension, and interior issues are common but generally less severe to address. Potential buyers should be aware of these potential problems and budget accordingly for maintenance and repairs.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
