---
layout: post
title: 2008 Saab 9-5
date: 2024-04-25 10:01 -0400
categories: ["Saab", "9-5"]
tags: ["Saab", "9-5", "2008"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2008 Saab 9-5 is a mid-size luxury sedan known for its distinctive design, safety features, and performance. It is powered by a range of engines and transmissions, including:

- 2.0T: 185 horsepower, 184 lb-ft of torque
- 2.3T: 155 horsepower, 194 lb-ft of torque
- 2.3L BioPower: 185 horsepower, 196 lb-ft of torque
- 2.8 V6: 225 horsepower, 195 lb-ft of torque
- 2.8T V6: 280 horsepower, 289 lb-ft of torque

Despite its strengths, the Saab 9-5 has been plagued by several issues that have affected its reliability and customer satisfaction.

**Engine**

**2.0T**
- **Engine oil leaks:** From the camshaft seals and valve cover gasket. Symptoms include oil consumption, oil spots under the car, and a burning oil smell. Fix: Replace the leaking seals or gaskets. Cost: $500 - $1,000+

**2.8 V6**
- **Cylinder head failure:** Premature failure of the cylinder head is known to occur, leading to oil consumption and coolant leaks. Symptoms include white smoke from the exhaust, overheating, and loss of power. Fix: Replace the cylinder head. Cost: $2,000 - $4,000+

**Transmission**

**5-speed Manual**
- **Gear synchronization issues:** Difficulty shifting gears, grinding noises, and popping out of gear are common. Fix: Replace the worn synchronizers. Cost: $1,000 - $2,000+

**6-speed Automatic**
- **Transmission shudder:** Vibrations or shuddering during acceleration or gear changes. Symptoms: Fix: Replace the torque converter or transmission fluid. Cost: $500 - $2,500+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

- **Front strut failure:** Premature failure of the front struts is known to occur, leading to a bumpy ride and poor handling. Symptoms: Noise when driving over bumps, uneven tire wear. Fix: Replace the front struts. Cost: $500 - $1,000+

**Electrical**

- **alternator failure:** Failure of the alternator can lead to electrical system issues, including battery drain and warning lights on the dashboard. Fix: Replace the alternator. Cost: $500 - $700+
- **Heated seat failure:** Heated seats may fail to function, causing discomfort in cold weather. Fix: Replace the heating element. Cost: $200 - $400+

**Exterior**

- **Headlight condensation:** Condensation inside the headlight assemblies can occur, leading to poor visibility at night. Fix: Replace the headlight assembly. Cost: $300 - $500+

**Interior**

- **Dashboard rattle:** Rattles or squeaks from the dashboard can be annoying. Fix: Track down the source of the rattle and secure it. Cost: $50 - $200+
- **Seat belt warning light malfunction:** The seat belt warning light may fail to illuminate or stay illuminated even when the seat belt is buckled. Fix: Replace the seat belt buckle or sensor. Cost: $100 - $200+

**Summary**

The 2008 Saab 9-5 has experienced a range of issues that can be costly to repair. Some of the problems, such as engine oil leaks and transmission shudder, are relatively common and can be expensive to fix. Others, like cylinder head failure, are more severe and can lead to major breakdowns. Overall, the reliability of the Saab 9-5 is below average compared to its competitors.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
