---
layout: post
title: 2020 Acura RLX
date: 2024-03-28 12:44 -0400
categories: ["Acura", "RLX"]
tags: ["Acura", "RLX", "2020"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2020 Acura RLX is a mid-size luxury sedan known for its smooth ride, refined interior, and advanced technology features. It comes with a standard 3.5-liter V6 engine that produces 310 horsepower and 272 lb-ft of torque paired with a 10-speed automatic transmission. Front-wheel drive is standard, while all-wheel drive (AWD) is optional.

Despite its strengths, the 2020 Acura RLX has been reported to have some potential issues in various categories.

**Engine**

- **3.5-Liter V6 Engine**
    - **Intake Valve Deposits:**
      - Description/Symptoms: Carbon buildup on intake valves results in reduced engine power, hesitation, and rough idling.
      - Solution: Intake valve cleaning
      - Estimated Cost to Fix: $250 - $500
      - Recalls: None Found
    - **Timing Chain Noise:**
      - Description/Symptoms: Rattling or ticking noises from the timing chain area, particularly during cold starts.
      - Solution: Timing chain replacement
      - Estimated Cost to Fix: $1500 - $3000
      - Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

- **10-Speed Automatic Transmission**
    - **Shift Hesitations:**
      - Description/Symptoms: Transmission hesitates or slips during gear changes, especially in lower gears.
      - Solution: Transmission fluid change and software update
      - Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $1000
      - Recalls: None Found

**Suspension**

- **Front Strut Mount Degraded:** 
  - Description/Symptoms: Premature wear of front strut mounts causing knocking or rattling noises and reduced handling stability.
  - Solution: Replacement of front strut mounts
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500-$800

**Electrical**

- **Battery Drain:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Electrical drain from a faulty infotainment system
  - Solution: Update or replace infotainment software
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $1000-$2000

**Interior**

- **Center Console Trim Panel Gaps:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Gaps or misalignment of center console trim panels resulting in rattles or uneven fit.
  - Solution: Adjustment or replacement of trim panel
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500

**Exterior**

- **Fog Light Condensation:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Moisture buildup inside fog lights
  - Solution: Replacement of fog lights or repair of condensation issue
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500

**Summary:**

The 2020 Acura RLX faces some potential issues in areas such as the engine, transmission, and electrical systems. While the severity of these issues varies, they can range from minor inconveniences to costly repairs. It is important for potential buyers to be aware of these potential problems and consider their severity and estimated costs when making a purchasing decision.
