---
layout: post
title: 2019 Ford Figo
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "Figo"]
tags: ["Ford", "Figo", "2019"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2019 Ford Figo is a subcompact hatchback available with two engine and transmission options:

* **1.2L Ti-VCT Dragon Petrol Engine** with a 5-speed manual transmission (96 hp, 119 lb-ft torque)
* **1.5L TDCi Diesel Engine** with a 5-speed manual transmission (99 hp, 215 lb-ft torque)

Despite positive feedback on its styling, fuel efficiency, and affordability, the Figo has faced some issues in various components.

**Engine**

**1.2L Ti-VCT Dragon Petrol Engine**

**Engine Stalling**
Description/Symptoms: The engine unexpectedly shuts off while driving.
Solution: Replacing the fuel pump or fuel filter may resolve the issue.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+

**1.5L TDCi Diesel Engine**

**Fuel Injector Failure**
Description/Symptoms: Engine misfires, loss of power, or rough idling due to malfunctioning fuel injectors.
Solution: Replacing the faulty fuel injectors.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $400 - $600+
Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number 22V478000

**Transmission**

**1.2L Ti-VCT Dragon Petrol Engine with 5-Speed Manual Transmission**

**Gearbox Noise**
Description/Symptoms: Grinding or whining sounds when shifting gears.
Solution: Repair or replacement of damaged gears or bearings.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+

**1.5L TDCi Diesel Engine with 5-Speed Manual Transmission**

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**All Engine and Transmission Options**

**Leaking Shock Absorbers**
Description/Symptoms: Visible oil leaks from the shock absorbers.
Solution: Replacement of faulty shock absorbers.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+

**Electrical**

**All Engine and Transmission Options**

**Battery Draining**
Description/Symptoms: Battery discharges quickly, especially when parked.
Solution: Diagnosis and replacement of faulty electrical components, such as the alternator or battery.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**All Engine and Transmission Options**

**Door Panel Buzzing**
Description/Symptoms: Vibrations and rattling noises from the door panels while driving.
Solution: Replacing or tightening loose bolts, clips, or components.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+

**Summary**

The 2019 Ford Figo has faced several issues, ranging from engine stalling and fuel injector failure to suspension leaks and electrical problems. The severity and cost of these issues vary, with some costing a few hundred dollars to fix, while others may require more extensive repairs. It's important to note that not all Figos will experience these issues, and many owners have reported a positive ownership experience.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
