---
layout: post
title: 2021 Nissan Armada
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "Armada"]
tags: ["Nissan", "Armada", "2021"]
---
**Introduction**
The 2021 Nissan Armada is a full-size SUV known for its spacious interior, powerful engine, and comfortable ride quality. It comes with a standard 5.6-liter V8 engine producing 400 horsepower and 413 lb-ft of torque, paired with a 7-speed automatic transmission.

**Engine**
- 5.6L V8 Engine

**Transmission**
- 7-Speed Automatic Transmission


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
- No Issues Found

**Electrical**
- No Issues Found

**Exterior**
- **Door Lock Actuator Failure:**
    - Description/Symptoms: Door locks fail to operate intermittently or permanently, as the actuator malfunctions. 
    - Solution: Replacement of the door lock actuator.
    - Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $300+
    - Recalls: None Found
- **Headlight Switch Malfunction:**
    - Description/Symptoms: Headlights may fail to activate or function inconsistently due to a faulty headlight switch.
    - Solution: Replacement of the headlight switch.
    - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+
    - Recalls: None Found

**Interior**
- **Infotainment System Screen Lag:**
    - Description/Symptoms: Infotainment system's touchscreen experiences significant lag or becomes unresponsive.
    - Solution: Software update or replacement of infotainment unit (depending on version).
    - Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $500+
    - Recalls: None Found

**Summary**
The 2021 Nissan Armada has a few reported issues, primarily concentrated in electrical and exterior components. The severity of these issues can vary, with some being minor annoyances and others affecting critical vehicle functions. The estimated cost to fix these issues can range from $150 to $500+ depending on the issue and extent of repairs required. Overall, the Armada is considered a reliable SUV, but it's important to be aware of its potential issues before making a purchase.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
