---
layout: post
title: 1992 Honda Accord
date: 2024-03-29 19:55 -0400
categories: ["Honda", "Accord"]
tags: ["Honda", "Accord", "1992"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 1992 Honda Accord is a mid-size sedan that was offered with a choice of two engines and two transmissions. The base engine was a 2.2-liter four-cylinder that produced 130 horsepower and 142 lb-ft of torque. The optional engine was a 3.0-liter V6 that produced 160 horsepower and 181 lb-ft of torque. Both engines were available with either a five-speed manual transmission or a four-speed automatic transmission.

The Accord was praised for its reliability, fuel efficiency, and spacious interior. However, it was also criticized for its lack of power and its uninspired handling.

**Engine**

**2.2-liter Four-Cylinder**

**Issue:** **Head gasket failure**
Description/Symptoms: Coolant leaks, overheating, white smoke from exhaust
Solution: Replace head gasket
Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $1,500
Recalls: None Found

**3.0-liter V6**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**

**Five-Speed Manual**

**No Issues Found**

**Four-Speed Automatic**

**Issue:** **Transmission slipping**
Description/Symptoms: Difficulty shifting gears, loss of power
Solution: Replace transmission
Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,500 - $2,000
Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**No Issues Found**

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**Issue:** **Power window failure**
Description/Symptoms: Window does not move up or down
Solution: Replace window motor
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300
Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

The 1992 Honda Accord is a reliable and fuel-efficient car. However, it is not without its problems. The most common issues include head gasket failure on the 2.2-liter four-cylinder engine and transmission slipping on the four-speed automatic transmission. These issues can be expensive to fix, so it is important to be aware of them before buying an Accord.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
