---
layout: post
title: 2008 Ford F-350
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "F-350"]
tags: ["Ford", "F-350", "2008"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2008 Ford F-350 is a full-size pickup truck known for its impressive towing and hauling capabilities. Available engine options include the 6.4L Power Stroke V8 diesel and the 5.4L Triton V8 gasoline. Transmission choices include a 5-speed automatic, a 6-speed automatic, and a 6-speed manual. The F-350 is praised for its durability and performance, but it has also been subject to various issues reported by owners.

**Engine**

**6.4L Power Stroke V8 Diesel**

* **Injector Failure:** High-pressure oil leaks cause injector failure, leading to loss of power and poor acceleration. Solution: Replace injector(s) (specific part unavailable). Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $2,500+
* **EGR Cooler Failure:** The exhaust gas recirculation cooler cracks, causing coolant leaks and reduced engine performance. Solution: Replace EGR cooler. Estimated Cost to Fix: $800 - $1,500+

**5.4L Triton V8 Gasoline**

* **Ignition Coil Failure:** Ignition coils can fail, causing misfires and reduced engine power. Solution: Replace ignition coil(s). Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+

**Transmission**

**5-Speed Automatic (4R100)**

* **Torque Converter Clutch Failure:** The torque converter clutch can wear out, leading to slipping and transmission overheating. Solution: Replace torque converter and clutch. Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,500 - $3,000+

**6-Speed Automatic (6R140)**

* **Solenoid Failure:** Shift solenoids can fail, causing erratic shifting and transmission problems. Solution: Replace shift solenoid(s). Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,200+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Ball Joint Failure:** Ball joints can wear out, causing vibration and knocking noises. Solution: Replace ball joint(s). Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+

**Electrical**

* **Alternator Failure:** Alternators can fail, resulting in battery drain and electrical problems. Solution: Replace alternator. Estimated Cost to Fix: $400 - $800+
* **Battery Drain:** Parasitic drain can occur due to faulty door switches or electronics. Solution: Diagnose and repair source of drain. Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $300+

**Exterior**

* **Headlight Condensation:** Headlights can develop condensation due to poor sealing. Solution: Remove moisture or replace housing. Estimated Cost to Fix: $50 - $200+

**Interior**

* **Dash Panel Cracking:** The dash panel can develop cracks over time. Solution: Replace dash panel. Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $800+
* **Climate Control Failure:** Climate control units can fail, causing malfunctioning of HVAC system. Solution: Replace climate control unit. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $600+

**Recalls**

* 08V049000: Fuel Pump Module Replacement
* 08V204000: Windshield Washer Reservoir Replacement
* 08E03: Powertrain Control Module Programming

**Summary**

The 2008 Ford F-350 is a capable pickup truck, but it has faced a few issues reported by owners. These issues range in severity and cost, with some being relatively minor and others being more expensive to repair. Overall, it's important to consider these potential issues when making an informed decision about purchasing a used F-350.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
