---
layout: post
title: 2014 Nissan Rogue
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "Rogue"]
tags: ["Nissan", "Rogue", "2014"]
---
## 2014 Nissan Rogue

The 2014 Nissan Rogue is a compact crossover SUV that offers a spacious interior, versatile cargo space, and a comfortable ride. It is available with two engine options: a 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine that produces 170 horsepower and 175 lb-ft of torque, and a 3.5-liter V6 engine that produces 261 horsepower and 240 lb-ft of torque. Transmission options include a continuously variable transmission (CVT) and a six-speed manual transmission.

Despite its overall reliability, the 2014 Nissan Rogue has been reported to have a few common issues:

**Engine**

**2.5-liter Four-Cylinder Engine**

* **Intake Manifold Gasket Leak:** This issue can cause a coolant leak, leading to overheating and engine damage. The intake manifold gasket must be replaced.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $400+

**3.5-liter V6 Engine**

* **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:** This issue can cause a rattling noise at start-up and a loss of engine power. Replacing the timing chain tensioner and related components is necessary.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $600 - $1,000+

**Transmission**

**CVT Transmission**

* **Slipping Gears:** This issue can cause the transmission to fail to engage properly, resulting in a loss of power and acceleration. Replacing the faulty transmission components is typically required.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $2,500 - $4,000+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Strut Mount Bearing Failure:** This issue can cause a clunking noise when driving over bumps or turning. Replacing the strut mount bearings is the solution.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $150 - $300+

**Electrical**

* **Alternator Failure:** This issue can cause electrical problems, such as dim headlights, a malfunctioning dashboard, or a dead battery. Replacing the alternator is necessary.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $500 - $800+
* **Recall NHTSA Campaign Number:** 14V562000

**Exterior**

* **Headlight Moisture Buildup:** This issue can cause condensation to accumulate inside the headlights, impairing visibility. Replacing the headlight assemblies is generally required.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $300 - $600+

**Interior**

* **Climate Control Malfunction:** This issue can cause the climate control system to malfunction, resulting in inconsistent temperature regulation or fan operation. Replacing the climate control module or other components may be necessary.
* **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $400+

**Summary**

While the 2014 Nissan Rogue is generally considered a reliable vehicle, it has been reported to have a few common issues, particularly with the engine, transmission, and suspension. The severity of these issues varies, and the cost to fix them can be significant. However, with proper maintenance and timely repairs, most of these issues can be resolved to keep the vehicle running smoothly.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
