---
layout: post
title: 2017 Nissan LEAF
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "LEAF"]
tags: ["Nissan", "LEAF", "2017"]
---
**2017 Nissan LEAF**

The 2017 Nissan LEAF is an all-electric hatchback. It is powered by a single electric motor that produces 147 horsepower and 236 pound-feet of torque. The LEAF is offered with a single-speed transmission.

People like the LEAF for its low operating costs, spacious interior, and comfortable ride. However, some people have complained about its limited range and slow charging times.

**Electric Motor**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**

**Single-Speed Transmission**

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**12V Battery**

**Issue:** Premature failure
**Description/Symptoms:** The 12V battery may fail prematurely, causing the vehicle to lose power.
**Solution:** Replace the 12V battery.
**Estimated Cost to Fix:** $100 - $200+
**Recalls:** None Found

**Battery Pack**

**Issue:** Reduced battery capacity
**Description/Symptoms:** The battery pack may lose capacity over time, reducing the vehicle's range.
**Solution:** Replace the battery pack.
**Estimated Cost to Fix:** $5,000 - $10,000+
**Recalls:** NHTSA Recall Number: 21V296000

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**Instrument Panel**

**Issue:** Black screen
**Description/Symptoms:** The instrument panel may go blank, losing all functionality.
**Solution:** Replace the instrument panel.
**Estimated Cost to Fix:** $500 - $1,000+
**Recalls:** None Found

**Summary**

The 2017 Nissan LEAF is a reliable and affordable electric vehicle. However, it has some potential issues that can be expensive to fix. The most common issues include premature 12V battery failure, reduced battery pack capacity, and a black screen on the instrument panel. Overall, the LEAF is a good choice for people who are looking for an electric vehicle with a low cost of ownership. However, it is important to be aware of the potential issues before purchasing one.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
