---
layout: post
title: 2019 Nissan LEAF
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "LEAF"]
tags: ["Nissan", "LEAF", "2019"]
---
**2019 Nissan LEAF**

The 2019 Nissan LEAF is a fully electric compact car that is powered by a single electric motor. It has a range of up to 226 miles on a single charge and can accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in 7.4 seconds. The LEAF is praised for its affordability, spacious interior, and user-friendly infotainment system, but it is criticized for its slow charging times and lack of all-wheel drive.

**Electric Motor**

* **No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

* **Battery Degradation**
  * Description/Symptoms: Premature degradation of the battery, leading to decreased range and reduced charging capacity.
  * Solution: Battery replacement is typically required, which can be expensive.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $5,000 - $15,000+
  * Recalls: None Found
* **Charging Port Issues**
  * Description/Symptoms: Difficulty connecting or charging the vehicle, intermittent charging, or error messages.
  * Solution: Replacement of charging port components or software updates may be necessary.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+
  * Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

* **Windshield Cracking**
  * Description/Symptoms: Spontaneous cracking of the windshield, especially in hot or cold weather.
  * Solution: Windshield replacement is required.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $600+
  * Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number: 20V761000

**Interior**

* **Climate Control Issues**
  * Description/Symptoms: Malfunctioning climate control system, erratic temperature changes, or air conditioning not working.
  * Solution: Diagnosis and repair or replacement of faulty components.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+
  * Recalls: None Found
* **Infotainment System Glitches**
  * Description/Symptoms: Lagging, freezing, or unresponsive infotainment system.
  * Solution: Software updates or module replacement.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $0 - $500+
  * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 2019 Nissan LEAF has had some notable issues, primarily with electrical components such as the battery and charging port. While these issues can be expensive to repair, they are relatively infrequent. The majority of owners have had a positive experience with the LEAF, citing its affordability, practicality, and user-friendly features.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
