---
layout: post
title: 2018 Lexus LS500h
date: 2024-03-30 01:24 -0400
categories: ["Lexus", "LS500h"]
tags: ["Lexus", "LS500h", "2018"]
---
**Introduction**
The 2018 Lexus LS500h is a full-size luxury sedan powered by a 3.5-liter V6 engine paired with an electric motor, producing a combined output of 354 horsepower and 346 lb-ft of torque. It comes standard with a 10-speed automatic transmission. The LS500h is praised for its smooth performance, luxurious interior, and advanced safety features. However, it has received some criticism for its high price and lack of a more powerful engine option.

**Engine**
3.5-liter V6 Hybrid Engine

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**
10-speed Automatic Transmission

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**Low Battery Warning Light**
Description/Symptoms: Low battery warning light illuminates intermittently without any noticeable battery issues.
Solution: Replace faulty battery sensor.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**Cracked Dashboard**
Description/Symptoms: Cracks may appear on the dashboard, particularly around the air vents.
Solution: Replace dashboard.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,500 - $2,000+
Recalls: None Found

**Faulty Climate Control System**
Description/Symptoms: Climate control system may malfunction, causing uneven heating or cooling.
Solution: Update software or replace climate control module.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
Recalls: None Found

**Summary**
Overall, the 2018 Lexus LS500h is a reliable luxury sedan with few reported issues. The most common concerns relate to the electrical system and interior components, with potential costs ranging from $200 to over $2,000 for repairs. While the LS500h is not without its flaws, its smooth performance, luxurious cabin, and advanced safety features make it a compelling choice in its class.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
