---
layout: post
title: 2007 GMC W3500 Forward
date: 2024-03-29 16:55 -0400
categories: ["GMC", "W3500 Forward"]
tags: ["GMC", "W3500 Forward", "2007"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2007 GMC W3500 Forward is a heavy-duty pickup truck known for its powerful engine lineup and rugged capabilities. It offers various engine and transmission options to meet different needs. The 6.6L Duramax V8 turbo diesel engine produces 360 horsepower and 650 lb-ft of torque, while the 6.0L Vortec V8 gasoline engine generates 364 horsepower and 380 lb-ft of torque. Transmission options include a 6-speed automatic (6L80E) and a 5-speed automatic (5L40E). Despite its exceptional performance, the W3500 Forward has faced several issues reported by owners.

**Engine**

**6.6L Duramax V8 Turbo Diesel**

* **Injector Failure:** Leaking or clogged injectors result in poor engine performance, decreased fuel efficiency, and increased emissions.
* Solution: Replace the faulty injectors.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $800 - $2000+
* Recalls: 09V574000

**6.0L Vortec V8 Gasoline**

* **Valve Seat Recession:** Worn valve seats cause loss of compression, misfires, and increased oil consumption.
* Solution: Repair or replace the cylinder heads.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $3000 - $5000+
* Recalls: 14V318000

**Transmission**

**6L80E 6-Speed Automatic**

* **Torque Converter Shudder:** Vibration is felt during acceleration or when shifting gears, caused by a faulty torque converter.
* Solution: Replace the torque converter.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $1500 - $2500+
* Recalls: None Found

**5L40E 5-Speed Automatic**

* **Solenoid Issues:** Malfunctioning solenoids lead to harsh shifting, delayed shifting, or no shifting at all.
* Solution: Replace the affected solenoids.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500
* Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Leaf Spring Breakage:** Heavy loads and rough terrain can cause the rear leaf springs to break, compromising the vehicle's handling and ride quality.
* Solution: Replace the broken leaf springs.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+

**Electrical**

* **Alternator Failure:** The alternator may fail to charge the battery, leading to electrical problems and potential engine stalling.
* Solution: Replace the alternator.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $600
* Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Dashboard Cracking:** The dashboard material may develop cracks over time, affecting the vehicle's aesthetics.
* Solution: Replace the dashboard.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1500

**Exterior**

* **Rust:** Exposed metal parts, such as the frame and undercarriage, can rust prematurely in corrosive environments.
* Solution: Apply anti-rust treatments or protective coatings.
* Estimated Cost to Fix: Varies depending on the extent of rust damage

**Summary:**

The 2007 GMC W3500 Forward is a capable truck but has faced several issues that can affect its performance, reliability, and overall value. Engine and transmission problems can be costly to repair, while suspension, electrical, and interior issues can detract from the driving experience. Potential buyers should be aware of these issues and consider the cost of potential repairs before purchasing this vehicle.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
