---
layout: post
title: 2007 Fiat Panda
date: 2024-03-29 10:14 -0400
categories: ["Fiat", "Panda"]
tags: ["Fiat", "Panda", "2007"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2007 Fiat Panda is an entry-level hatchback that offers a compact and economical driving experience. It is powered by a 1.2-liter 8-valve engine with 60 horsepower and 89 lb-ft of torque, paired with a five-speed manual transmission. Praised for its maneuverability and affordability, the Panda has faced some drawbacks, including interior quality and engine performance.

**Engine**

* **1.2-liter 8-valve Engine**

 **Intake Manifold Runner Control Valve Failure:**
 Description/Symptoms: Hesitation and rough idling at low RPMs, check engine light may illuminate.
 Solution: Replace intake manifold runner control valve.
 Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $300+
 Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

* **Five-Speed Manual Transmission**

 **Gear Linkage Wear:**
 Description/Symptoms: Difficulty engaging gears, grinding noises.
 Solution: Replace gear linkage.
 Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
 Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**No Issues Found**

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

 **Dashboard Rattle:**
 Description/Symptoms: Rattling noise from the dashboard at higher speeds.
 Solution: Tighten or replace dashboard mounting points.
 Estimated Cost to Fix: $50 - $150+
 Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

The 2007 Fiat Panda generally offers a reliable driving experience but has been known to experience occasional issues. Engine intake manifold runner control valve failures and transmission gear linkage wear can cause driveability concerns, while dashboard rattles compromise interior comfort. The severity and cost of these issues are relatively minor, making the Panda a decent option for budget-minded drivers seeking a compact and economical vehicle.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
