---
layout: post
title: 2016 McLaren 570S
date: 2024-03-30 04:57 -0400
categories: ["McLaren", "570S"]
tags: ["McLaren", "570S", "2016"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2016 McLaren 570S is a mid-engined sports car from McLaren Automotive. It is powered by a twin-turbo 3.8L V8 engine and comes with a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission. The 570S produces 562 horsepower and 443 lb-ft of torque.

People who like the McLaren 570S praise its thrilling performance, sharp handling, and comfortable interior. However, some complain about its high price tag and lack of practicality.

**Engine**

* **M838TE 3.8L Twin-Turbo V8**

**Electrical**

* **Battery Drain**
    * Description/Symptoms: Battery drains quickly in certain situations, such as when the car is parked.
    * Solution: Software update or battery replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000
    * Recalls: None Found
* **Instrument Cluster Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: Instrument cluster display malfunctions or fails completely.
    * Solution: Instrument cluster replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,500 - $2,500
    * Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

* **Rear Wing Defect**
    * Description/Symptoms: Rear wing may not deploy or retract properly.
    * Solution: Rear wing replacement.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $3,000
    * Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number 18V884000

**Interior**

* **Multimedia System Interruptions**
    * Description/Symptoms: Multimedia system freezes or crashes intermittently.
    * Solution: Software update.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: None
    * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 2016 McLaren 570S is a reliable performance car, but it is not immune to some common issues. These issues are generally not severe and can be fixed at a reasonable cost.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
