---
layout: post
title: 1997 Mazda Miata
date: 2024-03-30 03:43 -0400
categories: ["Mazda", "Miata"]
tags: ["Mazda", "Miata", "1997"]
---
**1997 Mazda Miata**

The 1997 Mazda Miata is a two-seat roadster that offers a thrilling driving experience thanks to its lightweight design and responsive handling. It is powered by a 1.8-liter inline-four engine that produces 140 horsepower and 125 lb-ft of torque and is paired with either a five-speed manual or a four-speed automatic transmission. While the Miata is praised for its engaging performance, it has also encountered some issues over the years.

**Engine**

* **1.8L Inline-Four**
    * **Oil Pan Gasket Leak:** Leaking oil pan gaskets can cause oil leaks, leading to low oil levels and engine damage.
        * Solution: Replace the oil pan gasket.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
        * Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

* **Five-Speed Manual:**
    * **Grinding Gears:** Difficulty shifting gears, especially when shifting into second gear, can be a sign of worn synchronizers.
        * Solution: Replace the synchronizers.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
        * Recalls: None Found
* **Four-Speed Automatic:**
    * **Transmission Slipping:** Inability to engage gears or a loss of power during gear changes may indicate transmission slipping.
        * Solution: Overhaul or replace the transmission.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,500 - $3,000+
        * Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Front Sway Bar End Links:** Worn or damaged sway bar end links can cause clunking noises when driving over bumps or turning.
    * Solution: Replace the sway bar end links.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Electrical**

* **Alternator:** Alternator failure can lead to a loss of electrical power, leaving the vehicle stranded.
    * Solution: Replace the alternator.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

* **Plastic Windshield Cowl:** Cracks or warping of the plastic windshield cowl can allow water to leak under the cowl and into the engine bay.
    * Solution: Replace the windshield cowl.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Power Window Motor:** Power window motors can fail, causing windows to become stuck in the up or down position.
    * Solution: Replace the power window motor.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $250 - $500+
    * Recalls: None Found
* **Dashboard Cracking:** Over time, the dashboard may develop cracks due to UV exposure.
    * Solution: Replace the dashboard.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 1997 Mazda Miata is a reliable and enjoyable vehicle, but it has experienced some common issues over the years. While most of these issues are relatively minor and inexpensive to fix, some, such as transmission slipping, can be more severe and costly.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
