---
layout: post
title: 2019 Hyundai Nexo
date: 2024-03-29 21:00 -0400
categories: ["Hyundai", "Nexo"]
tags: ["Hyundai", "Nexo", "2019"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2019 Hyundai Nexo is a hydrogen fuel cell-powered SUV with a 161-horsepower electric motor and 398 lb-ft of torque. It has a range of up to 380 miles and can refuel in as little as five minutes. The Nexo is praised for its sleek and spacious interior, advanced safety technology, and eco-friendly nature. However, it is criticized for its high price and limited availability.

**Electric Motor**

* **No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

* **12-volt Battery Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The 12-volt battery may fail prematurely, causing the vehicle to lose power.
    * Solution: Replace the 12-volt battery.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $250+
    * Recalls: NHTSA Campaign Number: 22V600000
* **Fuel Cell Stack Malfunction**
    * Description/Symptoms: The fuel cell stack may malfunction, causing a loss of power or a decrease in fuel efficiency.
    * Solution: Replace the fuel cell stack.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $10,000 - $15,000+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

* **Sunroof Seal Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The sunroof seal may fail, allowing water to leak into the interior.
    * Solution: Replace the sunroof seal.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Infotainment System Malfunction**
    * Description/Symptoms: The infotainment system may freeze, crash, or become unresponsive.
    * Solution: Update or replace the infotainment software.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $500+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 2019 Hyundai Nexo is a reliable vehicle with few significant issues reported. However, the potential for expensive repairs, such as a fuel cell stack malfunction or a 12-volt battery replacement, should be considered before purchasing this vehicle.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
