---
layout: post
title: 2003 Acura EL
date: 2024-03-28 12:22 -0400
categories: ["Acura", "EL"]
tags: ["Acura", "EL", "2003"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2003 Acura EL is a compact luxury sedan known for its sporty handling and luxurious interior. It is powered by a 2.0-liter inline-4 engine that produces 160 horsepower and 142 lb-ft of torque. The EL comes with a 5-speed manual transmission or a 5-speed automatic transmission.

**Engine**

* **2.0-liter Inline-4**

**Transmission**

* **5-speed Manual**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**Electrical**

* **Battery Drain**
  * Description/Symptoms: The battery drains quickly even when the car is not running.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty battery.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100-$250
* **Alternator Failure**
  * Description/Symptoms: The car does not start and the battery light is on.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty alternator.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $300-$600
* **Starter Failure**
  * Description/Symptoms: The car does not start and there is a clicking noise when the key is turned.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty starter.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200-$400

**Exterior**

* **Fog Light Switch Failure**
  * Description/Symptoms: The fog lights do not turn on when activated.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty fog light switch.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100-$200

**Interior**

* **Power Window Motor Failure**
  * Description/Symptoms: The power windows do not operate properly.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty power window motor.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200-$400
* **Climate Control Malfunction**
  * Description/Symptoms: The climate control system does not function properly.
  * Solution: Replace the faulty climate control module.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $300-$600

**Summary**

The 2003 Acura EL is a reliable and well-built vehicle with a few minor issues. The cost of repairs for these issues is generally affordable, making the EL a good value for the money.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
