---
layout: post
title: 2016 INFINITI Q70L
date: 2024-03-29 22:10 -0400
categories: ["INFINITI", "Q70L"]
tags: ["INFINITI", "Q70L", "2016"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2016 INFINITI Q70L is a midsize luxury sedan that boasts a powerful engine and a spacious interior. It comes standard with a 3.7-liter V6 that produces 330 horsepower and 270 lb-ft of torque, paired with a 7-speed automatic transmission. There's also an available 5.6-liter V8 that generates 415 horsepower and 406 lb-ft of torque, coupled with a 7-speed automatic transmission. The Q70L offers a comfortable driving experience, featuring a plush cabin and an impressive list of standard features. However, it has received some criticism for its uninspired handling and outdated infotainment system.

**Engine**

**3.7L V6**

* **Oil Leaks:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Excessive oil leakage from around the engine gaskets or seals, causing visible puddles or drips underneath the vehicle.
    * **Solution:** Replace faulty gaskets or seals.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $500+
* **Timing Chain Issues:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Noisy engine operation, rattling sounds, or reduced engine power, indicating worn or stretched timing chains.
    * **Solution:** Replacement of timing chains, guides, and tensioners.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $2,000 - $4,000+

**5.6L V8**

* **Valve Spring Failure:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Loss of engine power, rough idling, and misfiring, caused by broken valve springs.
    * **Solution:** Replacement of affected valve springs.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $1,500 - $3,000+
    * **Recalls:** NHTSA Campaign Number: 16V366000

**Transmission**

**7-Speed Automatic**

* **Slipping Gears:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Difficulty shifting gears smoothly, loss of engagement, or vehicle failing to move when shifted into gear.
    * **Solution:** Repair or replacement of transmission components, such as clutches or solenoids.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $1,000 - $3,000+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

* **Alternator Failure:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Dimming headlights, poor battery charging, or electrical system malfunctions.
    * **Solution:** Replacement of faulty alternator.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $500 - $800+
* **Battery Drain:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Premature battery discharge, difficulty starting the engine, or electrical malfunctions.
    * **Solution:** Testing and diagnosing electrical system for parasitic drains, replacing faulty components as needed.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $100 - $500+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

* **No Issues Found**

**Interior**

* **Steering Wheel Vibration:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Excessive vibration felt through the steering wheel, especially at highway speeds.
    * **Solution:** Balancing and alignment of wheels, replacement of worn suspension components.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $100 - $500+
* **HVAC Malfunctions:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Failure or intermittent operation of climate control system, including heating, ventilation, or air conditioning.
    * **Solution:** Diagnosis and repair of HVAC components, such as actuators, blower motors, or refrigerant leaks.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $800+

**Summary**

The 2016 INFINITI Q70L offers a comfortable and powerful driving experience, but it has encountered some reliability issues. The engine and transmission can experience costly problems, while the electrical system and interior can also exhibit malfunctions. Potential buyers should be aware of these issues and consider the associated repair costs before making a purchase.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
