---
layout: post
title: 2022 Nissan March
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "March"]
tags: ["Nissan", "March", "2022"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2022 Nissan March, also known as the Micra in some markets, is a compact hatchback known for its affordability, fuel efficiency, and maneuverability. It is available with a 1.0-liter three-cylinder engine paired with a five-speed manual transmission or a continuously variable transmission (CVT).

Owners generally appreciate the March's affordability, fuel economy, and practicality. However, it has been criticized for its lackluster performance and cabin noise.

**Engine**

**1.0L Three-Cylinder Engine**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**

**Five-Speed Manual Transmission**

**No Issues Found**

**CVT**

**Hesitation and Jerking:**
Description/Symptoms: The transmission hesitates or jerks during gear changes, especially at low speeds.
Solution: Reprogramming the transmission control module or replacing the transmission valve body.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,500+
Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**Alternator Failure:**
Description/Symptoms: The alternator fails to charge the battery, resulting in electrical problems and engine stalling.
Solution: Replacing the alternator.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

**No Issues Found**

**Interior**

**Dashboard Squeaks:**
Description/Symptoms: The dashboard rattles or squeaks when driving over rough roads.
Solution: Applying a dashboard rattle kit or visiting a dealership for repair.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $300+
Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

Overall, the 2022 Nissan March has a relatively low number of reported issues. The most common problem is with the CVT transmission, which can experience hesitation and jerking. The alternator failure is another potential problem, but it is less common. The interior dashboard squeaks are a minor annoyance but can be easily fixed.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
