---
layout: post
title: 2019 Ford Taurus
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "Taurus"]
tags: ["Ford", "Taurus", "2019"]
---
**2019 Ford Taurus**

The 2019 Ford Taurus is a full-size sedan powered by a standard 3.5-liter V6 engine that generates 288 horsepower and 254 lb-ft of torque. It comes with a standard 6-speed automatic transmission but a 9-speed automatic is optional. The Taurus boasts a spacious interior, a user-friendly infotainment system, and impressive safety features.

**Engine**

* **3.5L V6 (288 hp, 254 lb-ft of torque)**
    * **No Issues Found**

**Transmission**

* **6-Speed Automatic**
    * **No Issues Found**
* **9-Speed Automatic**
    * **No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

* **Battery Drain**
    * Description/Symptoms: Battery drains quickly when the vehicle is parked.
    * Solution: Replace or repair a faulty Alternator or Voltage Regulator
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $600+
* **Headlight Malfunction**
    * Description/Symptoms: Headlights flicker, dim, or turn off while driving.
    * Solution: Replace faulty Headlight Assembly
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $400+
* **Electrical System Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: Vehicle experiences random electrical problems, such as dashboard lights turning on and off, power windows not working, or engine stalling.
    * Solution: Diagnose and repair the underlying electrical issue, which may involve replacing faulty components or checking wiring harnesses.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+

**Exterior**

* **Rear Camera Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: Rearview camera displays a black or distorted image.
    * Solution: Replace the faulty Rearview Camera.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $250 - $500+

**Interior**

* **Dashboard Cracking**
    * Description/Symptoms: Dashboard develops cracks, especially on the passenger side.
    * Solution: Replace the dashboard.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
* **Seat Heater Malfunction**
    * Description/Symptoms: Seat heaters do not work or become too hot.
    * Solution: Replace or repair faulty Seat Heater Elements or Control Module.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $600+

**Summary**

Overall, the 2019 Ford Taurus seems to have relatively few significant issues. The electrical and interior categories have some reported problems, but the engine, transmission, and suspension systems appear to be reliable. The severity of the issues ranges from minor inconveniences to more costly repairs. It's important to note that the frequency and severity of these issues may vary depending on factors such as driving habits and maintenance history.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
