---
layout: post
title: 2010 INFINITI QX56
date: 2024-03-29 22:10 -0400
categories: ["INFINITI", "QX56"]
tags: ["INFINITI", "QX56", "2010"]
---
**2010 INFINITI QX56**

The 2010 INFINITI QX56 is a full-size luxury SUV powered by a standard 5.6L Endurance V8 engine producing 400 horsepower and 413 lb-ft of torque. It is available with a 7-speed automatic transmission and rear-wheel drive or 4-wheel drive.

The QX56 has been praised for its spacious interior, comfortable ride, and powerful engine. However, it has also received some criticism for its poor fuel economy and outdated infotainment system.

**Engine**

* **5.6L Endurance V8**

**Transmission**

* **7-Speed Automatic**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**Electrical**

**Exterior**

**Interior**

* **Broken center console lid**
  * Description/Symptoms: The lid that covers the center console storage area may break or become loose, causing it to rattle or fall off.
  * Solution: Replace the center console lid.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $200+
  * Recalls: None Found
* **Faulty instrument cluster**
  * Description/Symptoms: The instrument cluster may malfunction, causing the gauges to become inaccurate or inoperable.
  * Solution: Replace the instrument cluster.
  * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
  * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

Overall, the 2010 INFINITI QX56 is a capable and luxurious SUV. However, it is important to be aware of the potential issues with the vehicle before making a purchase decision. The severity and cost of the issues vary, with some being minor and inexpensive to fix while others can be more serious and expensive to repair. It is recommended to have a pre-purchase inspection performed by a qualified mechanic to identify any potential problems before buying a used QX56.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
