---
layout: post
title: 2011 Mazda 3
date: 2024-03-30 03:43 -0400
categories: ["Mazda", "3"]
tags: ["Mazda", "3", "2011"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2011 Mazda 3 is a compact car known for its sporty handling, stylish design, and fuel efficiency. It features a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine that produces 148 horsepower and 146 lb-ft of torque paired with either a six-speed manual or five-speed automatic transmission. The Mazda 3 is praised for its agile handling, comfortable interior, and advanced safety features but criticized for its limited rear seat space.

**Engine**

**2.0-liter Four-Cylinder Engine**

- **Carbon Buildup on Intake Valves:**
  - Symptoms: Reduced engine power, rough idling, and increased fuel consumption.
  - Solution: Manual cleaning of the intake valves.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500+
- **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:**
  - Symptoms: Rattling or ticking noises from the engine, especially at startup.
  - Solution: Replacement of the timing chain tensioner.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $600 - $800+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Transmission**

**Six-Speed Manual Transmission**

- **Clutch Failure:**
  - Symptoms: Slipping or grinding of the clutch, difficulty engaging gears.
  - Solution: Replacement of clutch disc, pressure plate, and release bearing.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $800 - $1,200+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Five-Speed Automatic Transmission**

- **Shift Solenoid Malfunction:**
  - Symptoms: Delayed or rough shifting, loss of gears, MIL light illumination.
  - Solution: Replacement of shift solenoid.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400+
  - Recalls: N/A


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

- **Front Strut Mount Failure:**
  - Symptoms: Clunking or rattling noises over bumps, deterioration of ride quality.
  - Solution: Replacement of front strut mounts.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $300+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Electrical**

- **Electrical Harness Faulty Wiring:**
  - Symptoms: Intermittent electrical issues, such as malfunctioning lights, wipers, or gauges.
  - Solution: Repair or replacement of faulty wiring.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Exterior**

- **Rear Tail Light Condensation:**
  - Symptoms: Moisture accumulation inside rear tail lights.
  - Solution: Replacement of tail light assemblies.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $250+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Interior**

- **Power Window Switch Failure:**
  - Symptoms: Inoperable power windows.
  - Solution: Replacement of power window switch.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+
  - Recalls: N/A
- **Dashboard Cracking:**
  - Symptoms: Cracks appearing on the dashboard.
  - Solution: Replacement of dashboard.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
  - Recalls: N/A

**Summary**

The 2011 Mazda 3 has several common issues, but they are generally minor and not widespread. The most severe issues are the engine carbon buildup and timing chain tensioner failure, which require more extensive repairs and higher costs. The cost of issues varies depending on the severity and complexity of the repair. Overall, the Mazda 3 is generally a reliable vehicle with few major problems.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
