---
layout: post
title: 2019 Lexus UX200
date: 2024-03-30 01:24 -0400
categories: ["Lexus", "UX200"]
tags: ["Lexus", "UX200", "2019"]
---
**2019 Lexus UX200**

The 2019 Lexus UX200 is a subcompact luxury crossover SUV. It is offered with a single engine and transmission option: a 2.0-liter inline-four engine paired with a continuously variable transmission (CVT). The engine produces 169 horsepower and 151 lb-ft of torque.

People who like the UX200 praise its stylish design, comfortable interior, and excellent fuel economy. However, some people have complained about its lack of power and sluggish acceleration.

**Engine**

2.0-liter inline-four engine paired with a CVT

**Transmission**

CVT


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Front suspension:** MacPherson struts
* **Rear suspension:** Double wishbones

**Electrical**

* **Battery:** 12-volt lead-acid battery
* **Alternator:** 130-amp alternator

**Exterior**

* **Headlights:** LED headlights
* **Taillights:** LED taillights
* **Wheels:** 17-inch or 18-inch alloy wheels

**Interior**

* **Dashboard:** Soft-touch materials
* **Seats:** NuLuxe synthetic leather seats
* **Steering wheel:** Leather-wrapped steering wheel
* **Infotainment system:** 7-inch or 10.3-inch touchscreen display

**Summary**

The 2019 Lexus UX200 is a reliable and well-built vehicle. However, it has some minor issues that can be annoying to some drivers. The most common issues include a lack of power, sluggish acceleration, and a noisy cabin. The cost to fix these issues can vary depending on the severity of the problem. Overall, the UX200 is a good choice for drivers who are looking for a stylish and fuel-efficient SUV.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
