---
layout: post
title: 2011 INFINITI FX35
date: 2024-03-29 22:10 -0400
categories: ["INFINITI", "FX35"]
tags: ["INFINITI", "FX35", "2011"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2011 INFINITI FX35 is a compact crossover SUV known for its sporty handling, luxurious interior, and powerful engine. It comes equipped with a 3.5-liter V6 engine that produces 303 horsepower and 262 lb-ft of torque, paired with a 7-speed automatic transmission. Alternative engine and transmission options include a 3.7-liter V6 with a 5-speed automatic transmission or a 5.0-liter V8 with a 7-speed automatic transmission. Despite its strengths, the FX35 has been reported to encounter some common issues.

**Engine**

* **3.5L V6**
    * **Intake manifold plenum cracking:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Issues with the plastic intake manifold, specifically cracking at the fuel injector bosses.
        * Solution: Replace the intake manifold.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $600 - $1,200+
        * Recalls: None Found
* **3.7L V6**
    * **No Issues Found**
* **5.0L V8**
    * **Timing chain guide wear:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Premature wear of the timing chain guides, which can lead to chain skipping and catastrophic engine failure.
        * Solution: Replace the timing chain, guides, and tensioners.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $4,000 - $7,000+
        * Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

* **7-speed automatic**
    * **Valve body issues:**
        * Description/Symptoms: Malfunctioning valve body, resulting in erratic shifting, slipping, or loss of power.
        * Solution: Replace the valve body or transmission.
        * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $3,000+
        * Recalls: None Found
* **5-speed automatic**
    * **No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

* **Starting issues:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Difficulty starting the vehicle due to a faulty ignition system or electrical components.
    * Solution: Replace faulty parts, such as the starter, ignition coil, or battery.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $1,000+
        * Recalls: None Found
* **BCM failure:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Failure of the Body Control Module (BCM), which controls various electrical functions.
    * Solution: Replace the BCM.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $2,000+
        * Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

* **Windshield washer nozzle leakage:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Leaking washer nozzles, resulting in fluid spraying outside the windshield.
    * Solution: Replace the washer nozzles.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+
        * Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Navigation system freezing:**
    * Description/Symptoms: Freezing or malfunctioning navigation system.
    * Solution: Update the software or replace the navigation unit.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+
        * Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

The 2011 INFINITI FX35 is a generally reliable vehicle with some potential issues. While minor problems like washer nozzle leakage and navigation system freezing are relatively inexpensive to fix, more severe issues such as timing chain guide wear and valve body failure can be costly. It's important to be aware of these potential issues and consider scheduled maintenance and professional inspections to prevent major breakdowns.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
