---
layout: post
title: 2009 Nissan 370Z
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "370Z"]
tags: ["Nissan", "370Z", "2009"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2009 Nissan 370Z is a sports car that offers exhilarating performance with its powerful V6 engine and responsive handling. It comes with a choice of a 6-speed manual or 7-speed automatic transmission. The 370Z is praised for its precise steering, potent engine, and attractive exterior styling. However, it also has some drawbacks, including limited cargo space and a stiff ride.

**Engine**

**3.7L V6 Engine with 6-Speed Manual Transmission (332 hp / 270 lb-ft torque)**

- **Oil Consumption:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Excessive oil consumption, leading to low oil levels and potential engine damage.
  - Solution: Varies depending on the cause. May involve replacing piston rings or seals.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $800 - $2000+
  - Recalls: None Found

- **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Rattling noise on startup or acceleration, indicating loose timing chain.
  - Solution: Replace timing chain tensioner.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $400 - $800+
  - Recalls: None Found

**3.7L V6 Engine with 7-Speed Automatic Transmission (332 hp / 270 lb-ft torque)**

- **Transmission Slipping:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Difficulty shifting gears or loss of power during acceleration.
  - Solution: Rebuild or replace transmission.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $1500 - $4000+
  - Recalls: None Found

**Transmission**

**6-Speed Manual Transmission**

- **Grinding Noises:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Grinding noise when shifting gears, indicating worn synchronizers.
  - Solution: Replace synchronizers.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1000+
  - Recalls: None Found

**7-Speed Automatic Transmission**

- **Shifter Cable Malfunction:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Difficulty shifting gears or transmission slipping out of gear.
  - Solution: Replace shifter cable.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $600+
  - Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

- **No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

- **Alternator Failure:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Dimming lights, battery warning light on, or difficulty starting.
  - Solution: Replace alternator.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1200+
  - Recalls: None Found

- **Battery Drain:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Battery goes dead after sitting for a period of time.
  - Solution: Test and replace affected electrical components causing the drain.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $1000+
  - Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Exterior**

- **faulty rear spoiler:
  - Description/Symptoms: the Nissan 370z rear spoiler is known to fail at high speeds. This can cause the spoiler to fly off the vehicle, potentially causing damage to the vehicle or other vehicles on the road.
  - Solution: Replace or modify the spoiler
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $1000+
  - Recalls: NHTSA Recall ID: 14V464000

**Interior**

- **Climate Control Malfunction:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Climate control system not working or blowing warm air instead of cold.
  - Solution: Diagnose and replace faulty components within the system, such as the climate control module or blend door actuator.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $800+
  - Recalls: None Found

- **Door Lock Actuator Failure:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Door locks not operating properly or making a clicking noise.
  - Solution: Replace faulty door lock actuator.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $150 - $400+
  - Recalls: None Found

**Summary:**

The 2009 Nissan 370Z is a capable sports car with some minor issues to consider. The engine, transmission, and suspension components are generally reliable, but problems such as oil consumption and timing chain tensioner failure can occur. Electrical issues like alternator failure and battery drain are also reported. In the interior, climate control malfunctions and door lock actuator failures are not uncommon. Exterior issues are limited to the faulty rear spoiler, which is a more serious concern due to the potential for damage. Overall, the severity and cost of these issues vary, but most can be addressed with proper maintenance and repairs.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
