---
layout: post
title: 2021 Kia Niro EV
date: 2024-03-29 23:37 -0400
categories: ["Kia", "Niro EV"]
tags: ["Kia", "Niro EV", "2021"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2021 Kia Niro EV is a compact electric SUV that boasts a spacious interior, impressive driving range, and advanced safety features. It delivers 201 horsepower and 291 lb-ft of torque, allowing for a spirited driving experience. While it has received praise for its comfort, practicality, and technology, it hasn't been exempt from a few reported issues.

## Electric Motor

No Issues Found

## Suspension

No Issues Found

## Electrical

No Issues Found

## Exterior

**Loose Side Mirror Cover**
Description/Symptoms: The side mirror cover may become loose, resulting in a rattling or flapping noise while driving.
Solution: Replace the side mirror cover.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $200+
Recalls: None Found

## Interior

**Squeaky Headliner**
Description/Symptoms: A creaking or squeaking sound may emanate from the headliner, particularly when driving over uneven road surfaces.
Solution: Inspect the headliner and apply lubricant or tighten loose components.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $50 - $150+
Recalls: None Found

## Summary

Overall, the 2021 Kia Niro EV has received positive feedback from owners. However, a few minor issues, such as a loose side mirror cover and a squeaky headliner, have been reported. These issues are relatively inexpensive to fix and do not significantly impact the vehicle's overall reliability or driving experience.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
