---
layout: post
title: 1998 Nissan Altima
date: 2024-03-30 13:12 -0400
categories: ["Nissan", "Altima"]
tags: ["Nissan", "Altima", "1998"]
---
The 1998 Nissan Altima is a mid-size sedan that offers a comfortable ride, reliable performance, and a roomy interior. It is powered by a 2.4-liter four-cylinder engine that produces 155 horsepower and 165 lb-ft of torque. The Altima is available with either a five-speed manual transmission or a four-speed automatic transmission.

Drivers appreciate the Altima's fuel efficiency, spaciousness, and dependable engine. However, some owners have encountered various issues with their vehicles. Let's explore the common problems experienced by 1998 Nissan Altima owners:

**Engine**
* **2.4L Engine**
    * **Intake Manifold Gasket Failure:**
        * **Description/Symptoms:** Coolant or oil leaks from the intake manifold, causing overheating and engine performance issues.
        * **Solution:** Replacing the intake manifold gasket.
        * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $300 - $600+
        * **Recalls:** None Found
    * **Power Steering Pump Failure:**
        * **Description/Symptoms:** Difficulty steering, whining noise from the pump, and reduced power steering fluid levels.
        * **Solution:** Replacing the power steering pump.
        * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $250 - $450+
        * **Recalls:** None Found
    * **EGR Valve Issues:**
        * **Description/Symptoms:** Check engine light illumination, rough idling, and decreased fuel economy.
        * **Solution:** Cleaning or replacing the EGR valve.
        * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $150 - $300+
        * **Recalls:** None Found

**Transmission**
* **5-Speed Manual Transmission**
    * **Transmission Noise:**
        * **Description/Symptoms:** Grinding or whining noises during gear shifting or when the vehicle is in neutral.
        * **Solution:** Inspecting and repairing or replacing damaged transmission components as needed.
        * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $500 - $1,500+
        * **Recalls:** None Found
* **4-Speed Automatic Transmission**
    * **Transmission Slipping:**
        * **Description/Symptoms:** Difficulty shifting gears, loss of power, and delayed engagement.
        * **Solution:** Servicing the transmission, which may include replacing the fluid and filter or overhauling the transmission.
        * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $1,000 - $2,500+
        * **Recalls:** None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**
* **Front Suspension Strut Mount Failure:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Clunking or knocking noises, reduced ride comfort, and uneven tire wear.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the strut mounts.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $400+
    * **Recalls:** None Found
* **Rear Suspension Control Arm Bushing Deterioration:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Increased noise and vibration when driving over bumps, and premature tire wear.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the bushings.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $150 - $300+
    * **Recalls:** None Found

**Electrical**
* **Alternator Failure:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Dimming lights, difficulty starting the vehicle, and electrical system malfunctions.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the alternator.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $400 - $600+
    * **Recalls:** None Found
* **Battery Drain:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Difficulty starting the vehicle, reduced battery life, and electrical system issues.
    * **Solution:** Diagnosing and repairing the source of the battery drain, which may include replacing the battery or addressing parasitic electrical draws.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $100 - $500+
    * **Recalls:** None Found

**Exterior**
* **Headlight Condensation:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Moisture buildup inside the headlight lenses, affecting visibility.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the headlights.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $400+
    * **Recalls:** None Found

**Interior**
* **Dashboard Cracking:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Cracks and deterioration on the dashboard, particularly on the passenger side.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the dashboard.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $400 - $800+
    * **Recalls:** None Found
* **Power Window Failure:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Windows do not operate properly or get stuck in an open or closed position.
    * **Solution:** Replacing or repairing the power window motor, switches, or wiring.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $200 - $500+
    * **Recalls:** None Found
* **Heater Core Leaks:**
    * **Description/Symptoms:** Coolant leaks, fogging on the windshield, and reduced heating efficiency.
    * **Solution:** Replacing the heater core.
    * **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $500 - $1,000+
    * **Recalls:** None Found

**Summary**
The 1998 Nissan Altima offers reliable performance and a comfortable ride, but it has its share of potential issues. While some problems, such as intake manifold gasket failure and headlight condensation, are relatively minor and affordable to fix, others like transmission slipping and heater core leaks can be more severe and costly to resolve. Overall, the severity and cost of the issues vary, and it's important for owners to be aware of these potential concerns when considering purchasing or maintaining this vehicle.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
