---
layout: post
title: 2017 Subaru WRX STI
date: 2024-03-30 18:52 -0400
categories: ["Subaru", "WRX STI"]
tags: ["Subaru", "WRX STI", "2017"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2017 Subaru WRX STI is a performance sedan with a turbocharged 2.5-liter boxer engine that produces 305 horsepower and 290 lb-ft of torque. It is available with a 6-speed manual transmission or a Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT). The WRX STI is known for its precise handling, responsive steering, and aggressive styling. However, like any vehicle, it has certain issues that owners have reported.

**Engine**

**2.5L Boxer Engine (Manual Transmission)**

* **Valve Spring Failure:** Premature failure of the valve springs can occur, leading to reduced engine performance and potential engine damage. Symptoms include misfires, rough idling, and reduced power output. The solution typically involves replacing the faulty valve springs. Estimated cost to fix: $1000 - $2000+
* **Turbocharger Boost Leak:** A boost leak can develop in the turbocharger system, resulting in reduced boost pressure and diminished engine power. Symptoms include decreased acceleration and a whistling sound during acceleration. The solution involves identifying and repairing the boost leak, which may require replacing hoses or clamps. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $500

**2.5L Boxer Engine (CVT Transmission)**

* **CVT Transmission Failure:** Some owners have reported premature failures of the CVT transmission. Symptoms can include slipping, shuddering, or loss of power. The solution typically involves replacing the faulty transmission, which can be a costly repair. Estimated cost to fix: $5000 - $7000+

**Transmission**

**6-Speed Manual Transmission**

* **Grinding Gears:** Difficulty or resistance when shifting gears, particularly into second gear, has been reported. The solution involves adjusting or replacing the shifter linkage or internal transmission components. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $500

**Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT)**

* **Belt Slipping:** The CVT belt may experience slippage, causing loss of power or shuddering during acceleration. The solution typically involves replacing the CVT belt and pulleys. Estimated cost to fix: $1500 - $2500+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**Front Lower Control Arm Bushing Failure:** The front lower control arm bushings can wear out prematurely, leading to excessive tire wear, alignment issues, and reduced handling precision. The solution involves replacing the faulty bushings. Estimated cost to fix: $400 - $600

**Electrical**

* **Alternator Failure:** Some owners have experienced premature alternator failures. Symptoms include difficulty starting the vehicle, dim headlights, and electrical system malfunctions. The solution involves replacing the faulty alternator. Estimated cost to fix: $500 - $700+
* **Headlight Malfunctions:** Malfunctions with the headlights, such as flickering or premature bulb failure, have been reported. The solution may involve replacing faulty bulbs, wiring, or headlight assemblies. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $500+

**Exterior**

* **Sunroof Leaks:** Some owners have experienced leaks from the sunroof, particularly during heavy rain or car washes. The solution typically involves resealing or replacing the sunroof components. Estimated cost to fix: $500 - $1000+

**Interior**

* **Climate Control Malfunctions:** Malfunctions with the climate control system, such as inconsistent temperature control or fan issues, have been reported. The solution may involve repairing or replacing faulty sensors, actuators, or control modules. Estimated cost to fix: $300 - $600+
* **Infotainment System Glitches:** The infotainment system may experience glitches or malfunctions, including screen freezing, software bugs, or connectivity issues. The solution typically involves software updates or hardware repairs. Estimated cost to fix: $200 - $500+

**Summary:**

Overall, the 2017 Subaru WRX STI is a reliable and capable performance car with engaging driving dynamics. However, like any vehicle, it has certain issues that owners should be aware of. While some of these issues are relatively minor and inexpensive to fix, others can be more severe and costly. It is important to factor these potential issues into consideration when purchasing or maintaining a WRX STI.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
