---
layout: post
title: 2018 BMW M240i xDrive
date: 2024-03-28 19:22 -0400
categories: ["BMW", "M240i xDrive"]
tags: ["BMW", "M240i xDrive", "2018"]
---
## 2018 BMW M240i xDrive

The 2018 BMW M240i xDrive is a high-performance compact sports coupe that delivers an exhilarating driving experience. It features a turbocharged 3.0-liter inline-six engine producing 335 horsepower and 369 lb-ft of torque, paired with an eight-speed automatic transmission and all-wheel drive. While praised for its sharp handling, powerful engine, and comfortable interior, the M240i xDrive has also faced some issues.

### Engine
**B58 3.0L Inline-Six**

- **High-Pressure Fuel Pump Failure:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Difficulty starting, reduced engine performance, engine stalling.
  - Solution: Replace high-pressure fuel pump.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $1,500+
  - Recalls: None Found

### Transmission
**ZF 8HP50 8-Speed Automatic**

- **Shift Solenoid Malfunction:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Harsh or delayed shifting, transmission slipping or jerking.
  - Solution: Replace shift solenoid assembly.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
  - Recalls: None Found

### Suspension
- **Front Strut Mount Bearing Failure:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Knocking or clunking noises from front suspension, uneven tire wear.
  - Solution: Replace strut mounts.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
  - Recalls: None Found

### Electrical
- **Battery Drain:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Battery drains prematurely, difficulty starting the vehicle.
  - Solution: Replace the battery, check for parasitic draw.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $700+
  - Recalls: None Found

### Exterior
- **Headlight Condensation:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Moisture buildup inside the headlight housing.
  - Solution: Replace headlight assembly, sealant leak.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,500+
  - Recalls: 19V379000

### Interior
- **Infotainment System Freeze:**
  - Description/Symptoms: Display screen freezing, unresponsive controls.
  - Solution: Software update, hardware replacement.
  - Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+
  - Recalls: 20V064000

## Summary

The 2018 BMW M240i xDrive has faced some issues, including failures in the engine, transmission, suspension, electrical, and interior components. The severity of the issues varies, with some being more common and expensive to fix than others. Potential owners and current drivers should be aware of these issues and factor in the potential costs of repairs into their decision-making process.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
