---
layout: post
title: 2016 Volvo VNX
date: 2024-03-31 00:40 -0400
categories: ["Volvo", "VNX"]
tags: ["Volvo", "VNX", "2016"]
---
**Introduction:**
The 2016 Volvo VNX is a heavy-duty truck that offers a comfortable ride and excellent fuel efficiency. It comes standard with a 13-liter engine that produces 450 horsepower and 1,650 lb-ft of torque. Other engine and transmission options include:
- 11-liter engine with 425 horsepower and 1,550 lb-ft of torque
- 13-liter engine with 500 horsepower and 1,850 lb-ft of torque
- 12-speed I-Shift transmission
- 13-speed I-Shift transmission
People who like the Volvo VNX appreciate its fuel efficiency, reliability, and comfortable cabin. However, some owners have reported issues with the vehicle's engine, transmission, and other components.

**Engine**
**11-liter engine**
- **Engine overheating/failure:** The engine may overheat and fail due to a faulty water pump. The water pump can fail prematurely, causing the engine to lose coolant and overheat.
  - **Solution:** Replace the water pump.
  - **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $1,000-$2,000+
  - **Recalls:** None Found

**13-liter engine**

**Transmission**

**12-speed I-Shift transmission**
- **Transmission slipping:** The transmission may slip out of gear, especially when under load. The issue is caused by a faulty valve body.
  - **Solution:** Replace the valve body.
  - **Estimated Cost to Fix:** $2,000-$4,000+
  - **Recalls:** None Found

**13-speed I-Shift transmission**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**Electrical**

**Exterior**

**Interior**

**Summary:**
While the 2016 Volvo VNX is a popular choice for heavy-duty trucking, it has been known to experience certain issues with its engine and transmission. These issues can range in severity and cost to fix, but they can be addressed by having the vehicle serviced promptly. Overall, the Volvo VNX is a reliable and efficient truck that is well-suited for long-haul transportation.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
