---
layout: post
title: 2019 Tesla S
date: 2024-03-30 20:10 -0400
categories: ["Tesla", "S"]
tags: ["Tesla", "S", "2019"]
---
**2019 Tesla Model S**

The 2019 Tesla Model S is an all-electric luxury sedan known for its sleek design, high-tech features, and impressive performance. It comes with a single electric motor powering the rear wheels, producing 362 horsepower and 320 lb-ft of torque. Tesla offers a performance-oriented Model S Plaid with three electric motors producing 1,020 horsepower and 1,050 lb-ft of torque.

Despite its robust and advanced nature, the 2019 Tesla Model S has experienced several issues affecting different components.

**Electric Motor**

* **Inverter Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The inverter, which controls the flow of electricity to the electric motor, may fail, causing a loss of power or sudden acceleration issues.
    * Solution: Replacing the inverter.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $4,000+
    * Recalls: None Found


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Lower Control Arm Bushing Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The rubber bushings in the lower control arms can fail, resulting in excessive play and unusual noises while driving.
    * Solution: Replacing the lower control arm bushings.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $600 - $1,000+
    * Recalls: None Found

* **Rear Subframe Bolt Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The bolts connecting the rear subframe to the chassis may fail, causing the subframe to detach and compromise vehicle stability.
    * Solution: Inspecting and replacing the damaged bolts.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
    * Recalls: Tesla NHTSA 21V-178

* **Air Suspension Compressor Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The air suspension compressor may fail, preventing the vehicle from adjusting its ride height, leading to a rough or uncomfortable ride.
    * Solution: Replacing the air suspension compressor.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $3,000+
    * Recalls: Tesla NHTSA 22V-079

**Electrical**

* **12-Volt Battery Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The 12-volt battery, which powers essential accessories like lights and door locks, may prematurely fail, leaving the vehicle inoperable.
    * Solution: Replacing the 12-volt battery.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $300 - $500+
    * Recalls: None Found

* **High-Voltage Battery Contactors Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The high-voltage battery contactors, which connect the battery to the electric motor, may fail, causing intermittent power loss or difficulty charging the vehicle.
    * Solution: Replacing the high-voltage battery contactors.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $4,000+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Exterior**

* **Trunk Latch Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The trunk latch may fail, causing the trunk to open unexpectedly or become stuck closed.
    * Solution: Replacing the trunk latch.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
    * Recalls: Tesla NHTSA 21V-710

* **Tail Light Condensation**
    * Description/Symptoms: Moisture may accumulate inside the tail lights, causing condensation or water damage to the light bulbs.
    * Solution: Replacing the faulty tail lights.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Interior**

* **Center Console Touchscreen Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The center console touchscreen, which controls various vehicle functions, may experience software glitches or hardware failures, rendering it unresponsive or malfunctioning.
    * Solution: Software updates or replacing the touchscreen assembly.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $4,000+
    * Recalls: Tesla NHTSA 22V-034

* **Passenger Seat Buckle Sensor Failure**
    * Description/Symptoms: The passenger seat buckle sensor may fail to detect a passenger, causing the airbag warning light to illuminate unnecessarily.
    * Solution: Replacing the seat buckle sensor.
    * Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $800+
    * Recalls: None Found

**Summary**

While the 2019 Tesla Model S is a technological marvel, it has not been immune to various issues. The severity of these issues ranges from minor inconveniences to more serious safety concerns. The cost of repairs can be substantial, particularly for critical components like the electric motor or battery. However, Tesla's over-the-air software updates and extensive warranty coverage can help mitigate some expenses and ensure the vehicle's performance and longevity.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
