---
layout: post
title: 2023 Ford F-150 Lightning
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "F-150 Lightning"]
tags: ["Ford", "F-150 Lightning", "2023"]
---
**Introduction**

The 2023 Ford F-150 Lightning is an electric full-size pickup truck with an impressive powertrain, advanced technology, and a spacious cabin. It offers a single powertrain option, consisting of dual electric motors and a single-speed transmission.

**Electric Motor**

**No Issues Found**

**Transmission**

**No Issues Found**


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

**No Issues Found**

**Electrical**

**Electrical System Shutdown**
Description/Symptoms: The electrical system may experience a sudden and complete shutdown, resulting in a loss of power, steering, and braking.
Solution: Software update to address a potential software error.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $0 (Covered under warranty)
Recalls: 23V-105

**Exterior**

**Panel Gaps**
Description/Symptoms: Uneven panel gaps between body panels, particularly around the hood and doors.
Solution: Adjustment and/or replacement of panels.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+

**Interior**

**Infotainment System Freezing**
Description/Symptoms: The infotainment system may freeze or become unresponsive, causing loss of access to navigation, entertainment, and vehicle settings.
Solution: Software update to address software bugs.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $0 (Covered under warranty)
Recalls: None Found

**Loose Interior Trim**
Description/Symptoms: Loose or rattling interior trim pieces, such as door panels or dashboard components.
Solution: Tightening or replacement of trim pieces.
Estimated Cost to Fix: $50 - $200+

**Summary**

The 2023 Ford F-150 Lightning has experienced some early issues, primarily related to electrical system shutdown and interior trim issues. While these issues may be inconvenient, they have been addressed by software updates or relatively minor repairs. Overall, the F-150 Lightning has received positive reviews for its impressive powertrain, spacious cabin, and advanced technology.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
