---
layout: post
title: 2016 Ford Flex
date: 2024-03-29 10:36 -0400
categories: ["Ford", "Flex"]
tags: ["Ford", "Flex", "2016"]
---
**Introduction:**

The 2016 Ford Flex is a versatile crossover SUV known for its spacious cabin and powerful V6 engine. It comes with a choice of two engines and two transmissions:

* 3.5L V6 Naturally Aspirated (287 hp, 254 lb-ft torque)
* 3.5L V6 EcoBoost (365 hp, 350 lb-ft torque)
* 6-Speed Automatic Transmission
* 6-Speed Dual-Clutch Automatic Transmission

Drivers appreciate the Flex's comfortable ride, ample storage space, and potent engines. However, some owners have reported concerns with various components.

**Engine**

**3.5L V6 Naturally Aspirated**

* **Coolant Leaks:** Symptoms include low coolant levels, visible leakage, and overheating. Solution: Replacing the faulty coolant hoses or gaskets. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $500+
* **Timing Chain Tensioner Failure:** Symptoms include engine noise, reduced power, and Check Engine light. Solution: Replacing the timing chain tensioner and timing chain. Estimated Cost to Fix: $800 - $1,200

**3.5L V6 EcoBoost**

* **Turbocharger Failure:** Symptoms include loss of power, smoke from the engine, and Check Engine light. Solution: Replacing the turbocharger. Estimated Cost to Fix: $2,000 - $3,000+
* **PCM Failure:** Symptoms include engine stalling, rough idling, and loss of power. Solution: Replacing the Powertrain Control Module (PCM). Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000

**Transmission**

**6-Speed Automatic Transmission**

* **Shuddering or Slipping:** Symptoms include vibrations or slipping of gears during acceleration. Solution: Updating the transmission software or replacing faulty solenoids. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $1,000+

**6-Speed Dual-Clutch Automatic Transmission**

* **Hesitation or Jerking:** Symptoms include rough shifts or hesitation during acceleration. Solution: Updating the transmission software or replacing the clutch pack. Estimated Cost to Fix: $1,000 - $2,000+


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="9638790403"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

**Suspension**

* **Strut Mount Failure:** Symptoms include clunking noises from the suspension and premature tire wear. Solution: Replacing the faulty strut mounts. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $400 per side

**Electrical**

* **Battery Discharge:** Symptoms include difficulty starting the vehicle or slow electrical performance. Solution: Determining the root cause of the discharge (e.g., faulty alternators, electrical shorts) and repairing or replacing the affected components. Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $500+

**Exterior**

* **Sunroof Leaks:** Symptoms include water dripping into the cabin during rain or car washes. Solution: Replacing or repairing damaged sunroof seals or drainage tubes. Estimated Cost to Fix: $200 - $600+
* **Power Liftgate Failure:** Symptoms include the liftgate not opening or closing properly. Solution: Replacing faulty actuators or control modules. Estimated Cost to Fix: $500 - $1,000+

**Interior**

* **Dashboard Rattle:** Symptoms include vibration or noise from the dashboard while driving. Solution: Identifying and tightening loose components or installing damping material. Estimated Cost to Fix: $100 - $300+

**Summary:**

While the 2016 Ford Flex can be a capable and comfortable SUV, it is not without its potential issues. Some reported problems can be costly to resolve, such as turbocharger failures or transmission shuddering. However, many issues, like leaks or interior rattles, are relatively minor and less expensive to repair. Overall, the severity and cost of these issues vary, so it's important for potential buyers to be aware of these concerns before making a purchase decision.

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js?client=ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4434724897991713"
     data-ad-slot="3383517018"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>
